Specify usage of `upsert` key in Bulk operations (#11506)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/bulk.md

### Upsert

To upsert a document, either:
1. Specify the document in the `doc` field, and set `doc_as_upsert=true`. If the document exists, it is updated with the contents of the `doc` field; if it does not exist, a new document is indexed with the parameters specified in the `doc` field.

```json
{ "update": { "_index": "movies", "_id": "tt0816711" } }
{ "doc" : { "title": "World War Z" }, "doc_as_upsert": true }
```
2. Or specify the document to be updated (if the document exists) in the `doc` field , and the document to be upserted (if the document doesn't exist) in the `upsert` field, and leave `doc_as_update` as `false`.
This is best used in the scenario where you only want to update only specific fields when a document exists, but insert a complete document when it doesn't exist.

> ```

Reviewer: Could you also tab this over

### Upsert

To upsert a document, use one of the following options:

1. Specify the document in the `doc` field and set `doc_as_upsert=true`. If the document exists, it is updated with the contents of the `doc` field. If the document does not exist, a new document is indexed with the parameters specified in the `doc` field:

    ```json
    { "update": { "_index": "movies", "_id": "tt0816711" } }
    { "doc" : { "title": "World War Z" }, "doc_as_upsert": true }
    ```

> 1. Specify the document to update (when it exists) in the `doc` field, the document to insert (when it doesn't exist) in the `upsert` field, and leave `doc_as_update` set to `false`:

Reviewer 2: doc_as_update does not exist. Fixed in #12865

### Scripted upsert

You can use a script to update or upsert a document.

1. Script + Upsert (scripted_upsert=false, default). If the document exists, update the document using the `script`. If the document does not,  upsert the document in the `upsert` field (without running the script)

```
POST _bulk
{ "update": { "_index": "movies", "_id": "tt0816711" } }
{ "script": { "source": "ctx._source.title = params.title; ctx._source.genre = params.genre;", "params": { "title": "World War Z", "genre": "Action" } }, "upsert": { "title": "World War Z", "genre": "Action", "author": "Tom Smith" } }
`

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}
````

> 2. Script + Upsert + scripted_upsert=true. If the document exists, update the document using the `script`. If the document does not, run the script on the `upsert` field then upsert the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Script + upsert + `scripted_upsert=true`. If the document exists, the document is updated using the `script`. If the document does not exist, the script runs on the `upsert` field and the resulting document is inserted:
```
